Day 2 - RStudio and RMarkdown
================

In this repository/directory you should see one item:

- `README.md` - this document.

This activity will walk you through practicing some of the GitHub steps
to get more comfortable with this workflow and extending your markdown
skills. There are a lot of steps so I recommend that for each listed
task you first read the directions, then complete work through the
directions.

As I said in the syllabus, [Happy Git and GitHub for the
useR](http://happygitwithr.com/) is by far the most complete resource
for setting up R, RStudio, Git, and GitHub on your personal machines. If
you would like to set up R, RStudio, Git, and GitHub on your own
machine, I would recommend you use this text. Luckily for us, Git is
already installed on GVSU’s RStudio Workbench (and of course R and
RStudio are available here too) so we will only need to focus on getting
our RStudio sessions to communicate with GitHub.

For when you are working at home and if you have the resources, I find
having access to a second monitor/screen to be extremely beneficial when
doing work. GVSU’s [Surplus Store](https://www.gvsusurplusstore.com/)
sometimes has relatively inexpensive monitors - I got a couple for some
of my research assistants a few years ago for \$25 per monitor. When I
looked at their website while creating this activity, they had a few
options. However, you can always call or stop by to see if the have a
new stock in. I am not sure how up-to-date their site is.

## Task 1: I was going to create my own directions, but…

I cannot think of a better person to give credit to for website
development in R than the amazing Drs. Desirée De Leon and Alison Hill.
Rather than recreating the wheel, let’s use their amazing resource:
[rstudio4edu](https://rstudio4edu.github.io/rstudio4edu-book/make-distill.html)
(link to Chapter 21: Make a Distill site).

I would recommend starting at Section 21.2 (Getting set up) even if you
feel copetent in your GitHub skills. I will be following these
directions as you’re working and will provide clarity if needed or when
I run into something that seems odd.

Please get a hole of me when you need assistance.

Your goals are to:

1.  Create a website that is hosted in GitHub Pages and
2.  Edit the default site to have a you flavor (Chapter 22 of
    *rstudio4edu*).

If you get that far, start to explore
[Distill](https://rstudio.github.io/distill/website.html)’s
documentation to create a “dream board” of things you want to include.
Think back to the file you created in Day 1 of this activity - what did
you see on other people’s sites that gave you inspiration?

## What is next?

Next meeting we will further update our workflow and begin working with
data by exploring Simple Linear Regression models.
